Added example config management use case, links, and example install instructions (#656)
rancher/fleet: docs/concepts.md

Fleet is fundamentally a set of Kubernetes custom resource definitions (CRDs) and controllers
to manage GitOps for a single Kubernetes cluster or a large scale deployment of Kubernetes clusters

> (up to one million). 

Reviewer: We should likely change this to "tested up to one million clusters", but better wording than what I just wrote 😅. I think we should make it clear that Fleet's design is _technically_ mass scalable (horizontal), but we have _tested_ that amount.

Author: Revised per feedback.

* **Fleet Manager**: The centralized component that orchestrates the deployments of Kubernetes assets
    from git. In a multi-cluster setup, this will typically be a dedicated Kubernetes cluster. In a
    single cluster setup, the Fleet manager will be running on the same cluster you are managing with GitOps.
* **Fleet controller**: The controller(s) running on the Fleet manager orchestrating GitOps. In practice,
    the Fleet manager and Fleet controllers are used fairly interchangeably.
* **Single Cluster Style**: This is a style of installing Fleet in which the manager and downstream cluster are the
    same cluster.  This is a very simple pattern to quickly get up and running with GitOps.
* **Multi Cluster Style**: This is a style of running Fleet in which you have a central manager that manages a large
    number of downstream clusters.
* **Fleet agent**: Every managed downstream cluster will run an agent that communicates back to the Fleet manager.
    This agent is just another set of Kubernetes controllers running in the downstream cluster.
* **GitRepo**: Git repositories that are watched by Fleet are represented by the type `GitRepo`.

> >**Example installation order via `GitRepo` custom resources when using Fleet for the configuration management behind clusters:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Example installation order via `GitRepo` custom resources when using Fleet for configuration management of downstream clusters:**
```

Author: Revised per feedback.

>

> > 1. Install Calico CRDs and controllers.

Reviewer: We should link Calico: https://github.com/projectcalico/calico

Author: Linked as suggested.

> > 2. Set the global network policy at a cluster level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. Set one or multiple cluster-level global network policies
```

Author: Revised as suggested.

> > 3. Install GateKeeper. Note that **cluster labels** and **overlays** are critical features in Fleet as they determine which clusters will get each part of the bundle.

Reviewer: We should link Gatekeeper: https://github.com/open-policy-agent/gatekeeper

Author: Linked as suggested.

> > 4. Set up and configure the ingress and system daemons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 4. Set up and configure ingress and system daemons.
```

Author: Revised as suggested.
